# FITGLO
## HackReason 2025 Health Personal Assistant
### Inspiration 
As people who go to the gym, we decided to create an app that would help people who are starters or want to have a specific focus on their workouts and stay on track. Everyone has a hard time figuring out which workout set or exercises are better for their goal and how to adapt their diet simultaneously, so our app helps users narrow down the options that would fit their goal best.
### What it does 
The interface asks the user for their goal, which can be bulking or shredding, and the workout's intensity level. Based on that information, a workout set is provided. The application can also recommend specific diets based on your goal. Therefore, you stay on track with exercises and get recommended a personalized diet that will help you achieve your goal, whether it be bulking or shredding. The diet is based on your goals; it can be vegan, have a diet, and have high protein.
### Challenges we ran into 
Figuring out the full potential of s(CASP) was challenging because we didn't have experience with the different functions the language allowed us to use, for example, find all and random_member. It was difficult to find the recursive logic to address the workouts as lists and add up each exercise's time while also putting them together according to the filter of the user goal. Recommending the workout interface had issues in displaying the correct exercise list because the logic of arguments and print statements was confusing since the functions we created had multiple arguments, and connecting the user input with the arguments would get information lost in the way.
### Accomplishments that we're proud of 
Completing our app brought a lot of knowledge about prolog, s(CASP) and AI reasoning. As beginners in the AI world, we developed the app and our potential as developers. Our project had a lot of challenges, but we worked well as a team, helping each other and researching topics that the others wouldn't understand as much. We could learn how each piece of the project worked and how the person taking care of that part worked through the problems and was open to different coding styles for each of us and other struggles.
